docs: refresh glab skills for v1.111.0 (#80)
vince-winkintel/gitlab-cli-skills: glab-ci/SKILL.md

`glab ci status` supports `--output json` / `-F json` for structured output, which is useful for agent automation.

> Pipeline jobs and bridges are ordered by creation time. When multiple entries share the same timestamp, glab uses ascending job/bridge ID as a deterministic tie-breaker; automation should still key records by ID rather than array position.

Author: **The tie-break is real, but it doesn't apply to the command this paragraph is attached to.**

This sits under `## Structured output`, immediately after "`glab ci status` supports `--output json` / `-F json` … useful for agent automation" and immediately before a `glab ci status --output json` code block. A reader will take it as describing `ci status` output.

`glab ci status` doesn't use the sorted path. `internal/commands/ci/status/status.go:117` and `:146` both call:

```go
return client.Jobs.ListPipelineJobs(repoName, runningPipeline.ID, &gitlab.ListJobsOptions{...}, p, gitlab.WithContext(ctx))
```

and there is no `sort.` / `Sort` anywhere in that file — the jobs come back in raw API order.

The `8e5156b5` tie-break lives in `jobSort.Less` / `bridgeSort.Less` (`internal/api/pipeline.go:65-89`), which are only reached through `api.PipelineJobsWithID` — called from `internal/commands/ci/view/view.go:934` (`glab ci view`) and `internal/commands/ci/ciutils/utils.go` (job lookup by SHA).

Why it matters: an agent reading this concludes `glab ci status -F json` array positions are stable across runs. They aren't — which is the opposite of the guarantee this paragraph appears to offer, and the closing "key records by ID rather than array position" advice is doing real work that the surrounding framing undercuts.

Suggestion:

```suggestion
`glab ci view` and job-lookup-by-SHA order jobs and bridges by creation time, using ascending job/bridge ID as a deterministic tie-breaker when timestamps match. `glab ci status --output json` returns jobs in raw GitLab API order with no client-side sort — so in all cases, key records by ID rather than array position.
```

Author: Scoped the tie-break guidance to `glab ci view` and job lookup, and documented that `glab ci status` JSON remains in raw GitLab API order.
